# Privacy Policy

## Contact

dataviewexamplevault (at) s-blu.de

## Personal data storage and processing

Collection and processing of your personal information is carried out in accordance with the laws of the European Union and Germany. We are collecting data to provide our services as well for statistical purposes.

## Processing of visiting technical data

Records of your IP address, time of visit, browser settings, operational system and other technical information is saved in the database when you visit https://s-blu.github.io/obsidian_dataview_example_vault/. This data is necessary for the correct display of the website’s content. It is impossible to identify the person of the visitor using this data.

## Processing of data for analytics (Matomo)

https://s-blu.github.io/obsidian_dataview_example_vault/ uses Matomo Analytics for statistical purposes, to improve our site and to recognize and stop any misuse. When you visit our site, we will store:

- Your anonymised IP address (anonymised by 2 bytes)
- Date and time of the request
- Search input
- URL of the page being viewed (Page URL)
- URL of the page that was viewed prior to the current page (Referrer URL)
- Screen resolution being used
- Time in your timezone
- Links to an outside domain that were clicked
- Pages generation time (the time it takes for webpages to be generated by the webserver and then downloaded by the user: Page speed)
- Location of the user: country, region, city, approximate latitude and longitude (Geolocation)
- Main Language of the browser being used (Accept-Language header)
- User Agent of the browser being used (User-Agent header)

## Cookies processing

https://s-blu.github.io/obsidian_dataview_example_vault/ does not use any cookies.

## Processing of personal data by other services

This website is hosted on Github Pages, which is part of Github. Please refer to Githubs Privacy Policy for more information: https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement

Data collected by these services may be provided to other services within those organizations. They can use the data for advertising personalization of their own advertising network. You can learn about user agreements of those organizations on their websites. You can also refuse their collection of your personal data. We do not pass any personal data to other organizations or services, which are not listed in this privacy policy. As an exception, the collected data may be provided on a lawful request of state authorities, that are authorized to request such information.
Links to other websites

Our website https://s-blu.github.io/obsidian_dataview_example_vault/ may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. We are not responsible for the content of these websites. We recommend you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of every website that you visit, if such policy exists.
Changes to the privacy policy

From time to time, our website https://s-blu.github.io/obsidian_dataview_example_vault/ may update our privacy policy. We inform about any changes to the privacy policy, placed on this webpage. We are monitoring any changes in legislation, which is related to personal data in European Union and Germany. If you have entered any of your personal data on our website, we will inform you about the changes in our privacy policy. If your personal data, and more specifically, your contact information was not entered or entered incorrectly, we will not be able to contact you.

## Feedback and final clauses

You can contact the administration of https://s-blu.github.io/obsidian_dataview_example_vault/ regarding any questions related to privacy policy on: dataviewexamplevault-privacy@s-blu.de. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you cannot use this services. In this case you should avoid visiting our website.

_This document was produced using privacy policy online generator Profiset.org_